README.md, before:

# Notes

## For new Nvchad installation
Install Neovim this from https://github.com/neovim/neovim

Then install NvChad this way. 
```sh
git clone https://github.com/NvChad/starter ~/.config/nvim && nvim
```
After which you should follow the remaining instructions at
https://nvchad.com/docs/quickstart/install

Then carefully assess the files in this dotfiles repo for any version/compatibility changes with your new NvChad installation before pasting each one's content accordingly. 
Or you can go ahead and simply clone this repo. Then replace your `~/.config/nvim` contents with it if you are sure all configurations check out.

## Set aliases in .bashrc or .zshrc
```sh

alias vim='clear && nvim'
alias nvim='~/nvim-linux64/bin/nvim'


```

## POPULAR SHORTCUTS AS SEEN IN VS CODE
- Go to import definition - gd
- Move line up or down - alt + k or j
- Duplicate line down - Leader d (n mode)
- Undo and redo - u and ^R
- Toggle comment - Leader /
- Horizontal terminal - Leader h (q to quit) Avoid using this terminal style. Use an actual terminal tab.
- Toggle NVIM Tree - C-N
- Change NVIM Tree directory - ; the cd <directory name> ENTER
- Shortcut cheatsheet - Leader ch
- Toggle relative numbers - Leader rn
- Toggle line numbers - Leader n
- Floating file browser with the current path - sf (normal mode)
- Find word in current buffer - ;f or Leader fz (this uses Telescope).
- Find word in across current root directory -  Leader fw.
- Find file in across current root directory -  ;r.
- Super powers - :Telescope
- Using Telescope to see all keymaps - Leader km or :Telescope keymaps
- Lazy - Leader l
- Quit - Leader q
- Close Nvim - Leader Q
- Close tab (buffer) - Leader X
- IN YOUR FILE BROWSER
  -   h to go to the parent directory (like going cd ../)
  -   c to create a new file
  -   r to rename a file
  -   s to select a file and m to move it
  -   s to select a file and d to delete it with confirmation
- Indent multiple lines in visual mode: `>` or `<`
- Select matching tag: `%`
- Nvim file explorer (Nvimtree) shortcuts - https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua/blob/master/doc/nvim-tree-lua.txt
or type :h nvim-tree-highlight in Nvim

Commit message:

Updated formatters and language servers. Add format on save.

README.md, after:

# Notes

## For new Nvchad installation

Install Neovim this from https://github.com/neovim/neovim

Then install NvChad this way.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/NvChad/starter ~/.config/nvim && nvim
```

After which you should follow the remaining instructions at
https://nvchad.com/docs/quickstart/install

Then carefully assess the files in this dotfiles repo for any version/compatibility changes with your new NvChad installation before pasting each one's content accordingly.
Or you can go ahead and simply clone this repo. Then replace your `~/.config/nvim` contents with it if you are sure all configurations check out.

## Set aliases in .bashrc or .zshrc

```sh

alias vim='clear && nvim'
alias nvim='~/nvim-linux64/bin/nvim'


```

## Language servers

These are the specific configuration names for the servers you intend to use here
For automatic installation and custom configuration (optional) place them in configs/lspconfig.lua and then run `:MasonInstallAll`.
https://github.com/neovim/nvim-lspconfig/blob/master/doc/configs.md

## POPULAR SHORTCUTS AS SEEN IN VS CODE

- Go to import definition - gd
- Move line up or down - alt + k or j
- Duplicate line down - Leader d (n mode)
- Undo and redo - u and ^R
- Toggle comment - Leader /
- Horizontal terminal - Leader h (q to quit) Avoid using this terminal style. Use an actual terminal tab.
- Toggle NVIM Tree - C-N
- Change NVIM Tree directory - ; the cd <directory name> ENTER
- Shortcut cheatsheet - Leader ch
- Toggle relative numbers - Leader rn
- Toggle line numbers - Leader n
- Floating file browser with the current path - sf (normal mode)
- Find word in current buffer - ;f or Leader fz (this uses Telescope).
- Find word in across current root directory - Leader fw.
- Find file in across current root directory - ;r.
- Super powers - :Telescope
- Using Telescope to see all keymaps - Leader km or :Telescope keymaps
- Lazy - Leader l
- Quit - Leader q
- Close Nvim - Leader Q
- Close tab (buffer) - Leader X
- IN YOUR FILE BROWSER
  - h to go to the parent directory (like going cd ../)
  - c to create a new file
  - r to rename a file
  - s to select a file and m to move it
  - s to select a file and d to delete it with confirmation
- Indent multiple lines in visual mode: `>` or `<`
- Select matching tag: `%`
- Nvim file explorer (Nvimtree) shortcuts - https://github.com/nvim-tree/nvim-tree.lua/blob/master/doc/nvim-tree-lua.txt
  or type :h nvim-tree-highlight in Nvim
